[Doc] Update type.md (#6180)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/lang/articles/type_system/type.md

Line 3 indicates that `x` should be an integer because it is assigned by an integer value 1 the same time it is declared. In Line 4, we re-assign a floating-point number 3.14 to `x`. This scalar is automatically cast to integer 3 to match the type of `x`. Hence, `x` takes the value 3 after this line. Line 5 will raise a syntax error when we try to assign a `ti.Vector` to `x` because `ti.Vector` is a different data type, which cannot be cast into an integer.

> All Data types that Taichi supports are defined in the `ti.types` module, they can be classified into  two categories: primitive types and compound types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ti.types` module defines all the data types that Taichi supports, and classifies them into two categories: primitive types and compound types.
```
